well quarterfinals day three is done
here with coverage presented by mumble
it exciting right now by a Firefox coach
as well as Lexi just gonna help
translate after our energies victory
Firefox what did you think of fnatic as
they were headed into the quarterfinals
and what do you think of them now
Dani Mangano fnatic grand tradition this
year whole new schism to the finale to
deal with something honey missing a girl
phonetic tell me a lot you know a
fanatic she do she says I Jaime also can
show the whole sound battle saputo
anyway leaning the si si si all matrix
training inside the proof and Oh Tata
dama how deep and I saw oh me too -
inner peace Ida Sankar sohcahtoa peace
unions that Idahoan - so you guys who
can tell exchanging know if anything a
long walk just just tea without ham in
the pews ocean sometimes ago senior and
locked out some time now Hammond changes
yet so it alternates on Nanjing tau
suicide patch onto you know it equal to
it was the Kahlan and shock and I'm the
one child I'm the lone since it also
which is it was an even simpler
difference I think before the
quarterfinals and after playing against
fnatic how I thought about them did not
change at all I feel like for most of
the na and EU teams and they're playing
scrims
they tend to not do as well as they do
on stage which is why we weren't able to
relax at all when we before we're
playing against them and fnatic really
showed us who they are on the world
stage today they showed us how so as is
such a he's said he's been a player
that's always been there and he's so
good at this game and also how they were
able to really get a lot of it try to
get a lot of advantage early game and
really snowball upon that and they were
able to really play their game very well
your remark about Western teams
performing better on stage than scrims
is interesting to me because I feel like
every year the Western audience hears
that Western teams are doing very well
in scrims and then oftentimes they do
not do as well on stage so could you
maybe elaborate a little bit on that
Rondo may demand a TV show Tom the shell
to the day with the hot dogs I don't
want a derby challenge a moment and you
cannot
she got a billion in math so this is
that she incites on just a time in the
tepee side apparent opening size I'll
see how hard or okay commitment and let
me show you inside I'm drunk on without
the bitter how is it I hope you say
don't fire a hollow sound so TSM is that
I just want to clarify I feel like
they're better at scrims sorry they're
better at worlds then scrims
may be the only team that's an exception
is TSM very good hole thank you for the
clarification you know a colleague of
mine pointed out that this is the first
time that a LPL team has won a
best-of-five since mid 2015 and what is
interesting to me about it is that you
were able to do this with a team of
native Chinese players do you think are
you proud of that situation and do you
think that there's any relevance there
haha
orangey shirt teacher said don't you
yell at its exact appeal don't know
fortunately to do Rohani telling the
oshika can happen in a ninja no-show
orangey father can happen to it
well mrs. Chang Lee emotion meeting
Selma mmm Tigger just anyway what can
happen
cheerio the coat on yep is our
production so much as the diet was the
peterhall coat on the whole hissing way
just hunched in concert at Hammond just
in hypu in the circus Allah Allah is she
anyway Lugo so your hands or the hosting
of panty the Harlan Chaka Khan opposite
OPA ho na ho Sami Yen Taos entities in
suits Angela turned on Susannah and yes
English gentleman Justice Initiative and
Hassan Abu jahil
I think with us being all able to speak
the same language it definitely helps a
lot
I'm able to communicate them without any
like miscommunication anywhere and also
when our players are feeling a little
bit emotionally unstable I'm able to
bring them back into the right state
whereas if I had like a Korean player I
would need a translator to help me
communicate that part which sometimes
loses a little bit of meaning in it and
as for us doing well I think it's
because our players really wanted to be
well be the best on the stage too which
is why they actually tried extra hard
now yesterday I had the opportunity to
interview your next rival and coach
kkoma and he had a very stressful day
yesterday and took a lot of the blame
for how that match went I am curious how
confident are you that you can out coach
coach kkoma traversing $7 SKT Italian
coma
Hoku Manhattan oh hi Ally pigeon-holed
hyah - ohh - 1011 don't add notes oh ho
so you can SKT t1 don't you know Hans
Jurg Italian oh honey licensing don't go
cheap a hamachi under a functional she's
a a lead Union as a whole just so that I
may see a few jolly and Hana so calm the
charlie and Qatar manioc and coma I see
her Julian she's a coma sick
yes legal in Germany they were Julia now
she's a genotype MP Sam you know whole
Georgia Tann should sue Sammy I was
gonna hear her daughter sue so he taught
us our sins in the Horton and so senior
way by way of who can show you 2008 on
Paula Johnson last year at world I was
actually um the backup coach for I'm a
team I'm a and our coach back then was
able to sit down with coma and really
talk to him and we feel that coma is a
very charismatic person and honestly
speaking I'm not very confident and
really like out coaching home in the
matchup against SKT cuz I feel like
today's games there was a lot of
mistakes made in our band pics as well
and I do partially take that blame as
well very good well I mean I was gonna
be a very very very exciting matchup I
can't wait to see that in Shanghai next
week is there anything you would like to
say to any
the fans especially after as orangy has
moved on to the semi-finals Tokido
orange chicken SKT a national honeymoon
Maha Chalabi Makoto and Ranjana
Hawkinson are either kwon jang-ho and
kind she just adores you and dr. Ouma
now a toast transgenesis
to Jo Oh Jo Jo Jo can catch a Dodger
defense second kwon jang-ho we apologize
for some old antenna honking
Hammonds answer you and Tom and Achaia
are some of the cool little tango
getting so tall Tunisia nations and a
jacuz ego who's in the audience I just
really want to thank all the fans out
there it doesn't matter where you are or
which team are supporting I really want
to say thank you and I'm really grateful
that you're able to put your full heart
into supporting your favorite teams
because I feel like every support that
you guys give to the players the players
are all able to feel it and actually
it's an encouragement to them it
motivates them to play better so thank
you so much and when I realized one
final question I almost forgot Izzy on
the broadcast that he had a fever today
can you talk to me was that how much of
a factor was his health and today's
match and are you worried at all about
his health situation for next week so
you said the heart in hindsight - hey
how can Paschal not touching a Papa
Schadt which in the we say your motion
made you quit insanity hush and get
drunk always having Salma shell Konoha
see continue the UHC issue and so polka
and Hollis 23 summer Hong Kong no hado
ye Jin Dmitry how the Shinkansen inside
a hotel and they found me and yes a
woman just a gerontologist about you sir
mio Bajada
Santa cool I catch a hot song hi ho Jin
here virtue to the holy Virginia and AHA
Santa tell you how I'd like a jihadi
john' actually in imitation either
design I think that you see is a very
professional player doesn't matter what
state he's in he always tries to perform
the best that he can on the stage
obviously I think it's a coaches like
our fault that we weren't able to take
good care of him physically
so today after we go back to the hotel
we're gonna make sure that he feels
better and hopefully it doesn't really
affect him in his later on matches thank
you so much for Firefox for the
interview Thank You Lexi for the
translation probably else you can check
out the rest of our coverage of all
things worlds right here on my youtube
channel oh hello I didn't see there I
actually just got back to the hotel
after going to the venue for some
interviews and I'm actually just
checking up the new mobile export site
that's right you've heard me talk to you
about how they help you figure out your
strengths and weaknesses but they've
just launched this new thing for worlds
there's so much functionality let me
tell you about it
it's got schedules for the games and I
know a lot of you hate spoilers there's
actually a spoiler tag that changes the
functionality of the site to hide
results etc so that's what you're
interested in you've got that there are
pre game analytics and analysis for
matches before they even start
there are post game breakdowns builds
and more advanced sense including
analytics using mobile it's specific
formula there's even a section dedicated
to champions themselves in fact you can
search specifically for your favorite
player track their games view heat maps
read through their champions and see
more and finally by the way if watching
these videos is too taxing mobile digs
actually has transcribed many of my
world interviews for your reading
pleasure so be sure to check it out it's
got all sorts of cool stuff on it
explore the site its eSports top mobile
UX dot Gigi and by the way thanks for
watching this video you can actually
sign up for their service if you want to
get better at League of Legends over at
mobile extra Gigi / Travis